# Ruined Ungulate Navigation Anachronistic Screed

Friday round up, written whenever, because, like, I'm really bad with scheduling. Everything is on fire.
Please. Someone who's good at economy help me, my schedule is dying.

# Ask Stefan Anything

## subject?

we are the subjects of our own stories, the subject that perceives all objects, &c and so on.

_pulls nose, Zizek style_

## what's your favorite data structure?

I don't really have a **favorite**, but there are some lesser-known data structures that I'm quite
fond of:

- tconc: a cons-cell where the car points to the start of a list, and the cdr points to the end of a list

https://github.com/lojikil/digamma/blob/master/c/vesta.c#L129

- spaghetti stack: child-nodes point to parent nodes, not vice-versa (super useful for encoding environments in interpreters/compilers)

https://github.com/lojikil/digamma/blob/master/c/vesta.h#L241

- trie: a tree in which each node is a slice of a key (such as a single char in a string)

https://github.com/lojikil/digamma/blob/master/c/vesta.h#L184

- AVL Trees: a balanced binary search tree with rotation

https://github.com/lojikil/hydra/blob/compiler-perf/sac/vesta.h#L242

## Are we the aliens?

So there's two components of "alien-ness:" an "other" for which to reflect on your "alien-ness" and 
some course of action that lead to the inevitable meeting. If we take Buber at face value, you would
be an alien for anything that you cannot "bodily" experience the perceptions of the other as a 
kindred relationship. So, the "alien-ness" of the reaction would be whether or not we could even
experience the other as something living. This would be relatively easy for something that _looks_ 
to be "alive" based on our past experiences with life on earth, but what if it holds some other 
existence we cannot perceive as "alive?" 

The second portion of this is the likelihood that we _could_ meet something that is "not life on earth."
Think of the number of stars in the sky, the vast expanse of planets and stars, how many lives have lived 
and died before you even came into being, and how many worlds are lying there dead, and barren...

just like your dreams.

But in all seriousness, we are talking _vast_ distances that may not be feasibly crossed in any given
human's life time, barring changes in technology. However, we already _have_ invaded other solar systems;
Voyager 1 & 2 left the heliopause, meaning that we've sent something _outside_ the solar system. And what
did we send? Why, nudes and directions to our house. (bae, come over, our collective human parents aren't
home). 

So, are we the aliens? Yes, our frame of reference would change the way we would percieve others, and we
would indeed be the other, but hopefully our capacity for love and understanding would overcome these 
differences and we could understand one another as the Universe intended. 

Or they'll be bugs from Klendathu and we all know the only good bug is a dead bug.

## What is your favorite Pierogi?

Oh man, this is a hard one. I think we can all agree that _all piergois are good_. 

lol, jk, cabbage, followed by cabbage with mushroom. I **love** cabbage; it's a hardy veggie, it 
roasts nicely, and honestly I love it just roasted down with black pepper & some onions.

If I had to pick a follow up to THOSE TWO, it would be potato, made "gypsy style," which is with
smoked paprika in the butter used to brown them.

## What are the implications if Riemann's hypothesis is wrong?

Well, first off you'd break many other conjectures. The list of conjectures that rely on the Riemann
estimations being _true_ (in a general sense) is quite long, so that would be interesting. Wikipedia
itself lists 7 "consequences" of Riemann, so there are at least 7 _major_ things in number theory that
would be impacted. Potentially, they would have to work with generalizations of Riemann, or they would
have to move to other generalizations that have extrapolated atop what Riemann was aimed at (namely
a specific set of properties for complex numbers).

But as security people, let's talk about _primes_. Riemann's hypothesis implies that there is a
relationship between the number of primes in a given set and Riemann's zeta function. Or, as wikipedia says:

> Riemann's explicit formula for the number of primes less than a given number in terms of a sum over the
> zeros of the Riemann zeta function says that the magnitude of the oscillations of primes around their
> expected position is controlled by the real parts of the zeros of the zeta function. In particular
> the error term in the prime number theorem is closely related to the position of the zeros.

Ah, brain melt, in only the way that a group of smug, self-assured trolls that run a specific sub-niche
of Wikipedia can achieve. But basically there are proofs that show a relationship between Riemann's 
zeta and the number of primes; if Riemann's hypothesis was _wrong_, that would mean we had some
fundemental misunderstanding about primes, or that we had generalized a distribution of primes that
was incorrect, either one of which could impact the way we work with primes in cryptography or 
mathematics as a whole.

## where is the best hot dog in NYC?

From Blinsky's clearly. (man, remember those cilantro-lime-jalepeno chicken dogs? GOOD LORD)

## what is the meaning of life?

This is a pretty interesting question. If you catch me on a bad day, I'd probably tell you that
life serves no teleological purpose and that we all die cold and alone. On a good day, I'd probably
tell you the same thing, but that it's all an adventure! If you know me personally, you'd know that
I'm actually _painfully_ influenced by Camus in some regards, and that my open & unabshed 
nihilism is simply an absurdist play that I take on for purposes of serving a performative spectacle.

In terms of what we should _do_ with life, I'm not quite sure. It's easy to say "be authentic!" because
that makes me sound profound, but you can see what Zizek wrote on profundity. I'm a pretty strong
proponent of _compatibalism_, or "soft determinism," so I'm pretty sure whatever happens to you is just
"fate," where fate is a collapse of state fuctions at a cosmic level determined by a stochastic process
of Hilbert Space transformations (yes I'm a non-platonic realist, wanna fight about it?). I'm also not
sure if I believe in "absolute good," tho I certainly believe that evil absolute evil exists.

So, what then is best in life? See your enemies driven before you? No; I suspect some form of 
negative utilitarianism is probably the best, but, like Doctor Rieux, I suspect that no
one will do what's right in context, unless you yourself do it. Or, as I've put it succintly before:

> The Plague Camus in the Streets, Myth of Sisyphus Camus in the sheets.
